Add Result information and anyhow example (#43)
thedataquarry/rustinpieces: pieces/simple_csv/README.md

test result: ok. 3 passed; 0 failed; 0 ignored; 0 measured; 0 filtered out; finished in 0.00s
```

## Takeaways

> Notice in `read_csv` in the Rust file the return type is `Result<Vec<CityTemps>, Box<dyn std::error::Error>>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice that in `read_csv` in the Rust file, the return type is `Result<Vec<CityTemps>, Box<dyn std::error::Error>>`.
```

> In Python exceptions can be raised either explicitly or silently at any time, however this is not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Python, exceptions can be raised either explicitly or silently at any time. However, this is not
```

> the case in Rust. If a function can error it has to return the `Result` type, specifying the type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the case in Rust. If a function can error, it _must_ return the `Result` type, specifying the type
```

for success, the `Ok` value, and the type for errors, the `Err`. Any time a function is called
that returns a `Result` both the `Ok` and the `Err` possiblities have to be handled. The `?` operator
can be used when a function returns a `Result`, and specfifies that if the result of the function
call is an error that error should be returned, otherwise use the `Ok` value.

> You will also notice that `expect` and `unwrap` are used. These are similiar to using `?`, but can

Reviewer: Does it make sense to explain why `expect` is used in certain cases over `unwrap`? The Rust book says that in a single program where many areas where `unwrap` is used, it's hard to diagnose what exactly caused a panic, but with `expect`, the error message can be more explicit and tell the user what caused it (for example, invalid regex match).

Author: Yes, this makes sense. This is another area I probably cut too much out.

be used in functions that don't return a `Result`. These are good for prototyping and tests, but
are almost never what you want to use in the final application or library. If the result of the
`expect`/`unwrap` is an error, the program will panic, meaning it exits without the possiblity of

> recovering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
recovering, so it's considered a best practice to clean up your code with proper error handling using `Result` prior to running any code in production.
```
